Create user manual for the lecturer interface (#171)
Gamify-IT/docs: user-manuals/lecturer-interface/README.md

# Lecturer interface

The lecturer interface is the main interface for lecturers to create and manage courses and their content.

## About the lecturer interface

> ![courses list](assets/courses-list.webp)
> When entering the lecturer interface, the user is presented a list of courses and a button to create a new course.
> 
> ![create course](assets/create-course-modal.webp)
> When the user wants to create a course, he can click the `create new course` button, which opens a popup.
> 
> ![created course](assets/created-course.webp)
> After the user created the course, the new course is displayed on the courses list.
> 
> The user can click on on a course to view details about the course and edit them. The user gets redirected to the course overview page.
> ![course overview](assets/course-overview.webp)
> 
> The sidebar is to navigate to the different configuration pages of the course. For editing a worlds the user has to click on a sidebar item marked with a map.
> ![world overview](assets/world-overview.webp)
> On this world overview page the user can first get a quick overview about this world by clicking on the `Show Map` button.
> ![world map](assets/world-map.webp)
> The user can set topic names to the world and their dungeons and set these areas as active or not active.
> 
> The user can also navigate trough the sub items that were extended after clicking on a world. The he can configure several points:
> 
> - **Configure minigames of an area:** <br>
> To check which minigame spot is where the `Show Map` button can be used to show the locations.
> To configure a minigame, select the spot of your choice. Select on the dropdown the minigame of your choice. After selecting the minigame, the user can start configure the minigame by clicking on the `Edit` button. A popup shows up where the minigame can be configured.
> After the user configured the configuration he needs to save the configuration by clicking the `Ok` button of the popup. In order to be able to quickly find the minigame with the configuration, the user can optional set a description that is only displayed in this interface.
> ![minigame view](assets/minigame-view.webp)
> 
> - **Configure npcs of an area**: <br>
> To check which npc spot is where the `Show Map` button can be used to show the locations.
> ![npc view](assets/npc-view.webp)
> 
> - **Configure books of an area**: <br>
> To check which book spot is where the `Show Map` button can be used to show the locations.
> ![book view](assets/book-view.webp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![courses list](assets/courses-list.webp)

When entering the lecturer interface, you can see all current courses and additionally you can create a new course.

![create course](assets/create-course-modal.webp)

When you want to create a course, click on the `create new course` button.

![created course](assets/created-course.webp)

After you created the course, the new course is displayed in the courses list.

You can click on a course to view and configure this course.  
You will get redirected to the course overview page.
![course overview](assets/course-overview.webp)

The sidebar allows navigating between different configuration pages of the course.  
For editing an area, you have to click on a sidebar item marked with a map.
![world overview](assets/world-overview.webp)

On this area overview page, you can see a quick overview of this area by clicking on the `Show Map` button.
![world map](assets/world-map.webp)

You can assign a topic name to this area, or set it as active or not active.
Inactive areas will not be playable for users.
The topic name can be used to signify what you intend to teach in this area, i.e. `UML Diagrams` when this area focuses on UML content.

You can also navigate through the sub-items that were expanded after clicking on a world.
 There, you can configure the following things:

### Configure area minigames

To see where which minigame spot is, click on the `Show Map` button.  
To configure a minigame, select the spot of your choice.  
Select the minigame type of your choice in the dropdown.  
After selecting the minigame, you can start configuring the minigame by clicking on the `Edit` button. You can configure the minigame in the newly opened dialogue.  
After you configured the minigame, you need to save the configuration by clicking on the `Ok` button.  
In order to be able to quickly find a specific minigame, it is recommended to set a description. This description will nowhere else be shown.
![minigame view](assets/minigame-view.webp)

### Configure area NPCs

You can use NPCs to give the user some hints about minigames, to teach him something, or to add some humor.  
Configuring NPCs works exactly the same as [configuring a minigame](#configure-area-minigames), except you don't have to select a type beforehand.  
Overall, the NPC edit screen looks as follows:  
![npc view](assets/npc-view.webp)

### Configure area books

Books are another form to teach the user something.
Unlike NPCs, however, they are especially intended for longer texts that go more into detail than you would in a normal conversation.
Configuring books works exactly the same as [configuring an NPC](#configure-area-npcs).  
Overall, the book edit screen looks as follows:  
![book view](assets/book-view.webp)
```
